and now our easter egg now I believe
Capcom is responsible for street fighter
so it's no surprise that one of the
Easter eggs is a street fighter
reference in fact there's one in megaman
x2 as well first thing you need to do is
get everything and by everything I mean
every hard every energy tank everything
we weapon all of it and make sure your
energy tanks are full and then come back
to this stage and you're going to do
something extremely monotonous but you
will appreciate it when you get it
and this is just kind of further proof
that all the weapons in this game for
the most part in some form or other very
useful as regular weapons never total
replacement for your Mega Buster but
certainly make parts of levels go that
much faster
and this guy is just a fucking but any
big ass enemy can actually be more
easily taken out by the flame thing but
i believe the flamethrower takes a bit
more energy than the storm eagles weapon
so it's kind of a whichever one you
would prefer now here's where you need
to pay attention when you come here make
sure you have nine lives just for shits
and giggles jump on this thing jump over
here collect this and then die so if
you're doing a no death run then you're
kind of fucked if you want the special
weapon but I don't like those no death
runs for the most part
except for the original Castlevania
because I've actually done that
but anyway so you're going to repeat
this process several times it's like
four
right get their asses as usual
here and eventually what you'll find and
jump up here and get that one of dr.
lights capsules will appear
after our wonderfully monotonous task we
have Ken Ryu dr. light
now you don't get a cool armor change
but you do get the street fighter Oh
dukan now you need full life to use it
but it's an instant kill on anything in
the game
you